Pastor Brent McQuay: Foreign. Welcome back to another episode of
Pastor Brent McQuay: Between Sermons. I'm the host, Brent. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: get to be the lead pastor here
Pastor Brent McQuay: at Disciples Church in Tinley park. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: we are continuing our conversation from Sunday.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Basically, what we like to do with
Pastor Brent McQuay: this podcast is just kind of turn
Pastor Brent McQuay: that monologue into dialogue, turn that sermon
Pastor Brent McQuay: really into, I guess, what you would
Pastor Brent McQuay: experience, like in a small group where
Pastor Brent McQuay: we get to kind of talk through
Pastor Brent McQuay: some things, dig a little bit deeper,
Pastor Brent McQuay: maybe figure out how to make this
Pastor Brent McQuay: a little bit more practical for our
Pastor Brent McQuay: lives. And yesterday was fun. We got
Pastor Brent McQuay: to close out our first Peter series
Pastor Brent McQuay: as we're just walking through the book
Pastor Brent McQuay: of First Peter. So I'm sure we
Pastor Brent McQuay: got a lot of things to talk
Pastor Brent McQuay: about today, but I leave all that
Pastor Brent McQuay: up to the wonderful co host, Tyisha.
Pastor Brent McQuay: As the, as the director of this
Pastor Brent McQuay: cruise ship, you decide where we go.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I have questions today because as
Ti'heasha Beasley: the closeout, I feel like I just
Ti'heasha Beasley: want to be right on target because,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know, we can start drifting in
Ti'heasha Beasley: some of our conversations and can you
Ti'heasha Beasley: even hang with us today because you
Ti'heasha Beasley: got the sniffles.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You can just see I got my
Pastor Brent McQuay: throat coat tee.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Throat coat coat.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To hopefully not sound like a bad
Pastor Brent McQuay: impression of Barry White, that you sound
Pastor Brent McQuay: like myself. But I don't know how
Pastor Brent McQuay: well that's working.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But no, it's fine. You're just an
Ti'heasha Beasley: overachiever. So now you're, you're telling us
Ti'heasha Beasley: that you should just be here no
Ti'heasha Beasley: matter.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What, you know, I mean, we were,
Pastor Brent McQuay: we were taught to play injured, so.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Play injured. I love that we're doing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Were you feeling well yesterday?
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, not at all.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No. So I came back from the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Philippines with, okay, just a cold, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: not covered or anything. Tested clear of
Pastor Brent McQuay: everything.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just, just a normal, like traveling, travel.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Something about being in an airplane for
Pastor Brent McQuay: like 20 hours.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: As Jennifer kind of scoots further away.
Ti'heasha Beasley: From me, she's like, why, why am
Ti'heasha Beasley: I right? She's like, why am I
Ti'heasha Beasley: here? Well, speaking of Jen, Jennifer, welcome.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Thank you for joining the. Thank you
Ti'heasha Beasley: for having me.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Thank you for joining the show. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: you. Let's, let's dive in because you
Ti'heasha Beasley: are a first time guest. Is this
Ti'heasha Beasley: your first time being on here?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: First time. Are you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: How you feeling?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I feel fine. I like being on
Pastor Jennifer Parks: social media, so I'm good. I just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: want to have a very nice, passionate
Pastor Jennifer Parks: conversation with Pastor Brent and yeah, because
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I love the word.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You love the word.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm grateful to be. Ask to be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a guest. Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so you are. You and your
Ti'heasha Beasley: husband serve as pastors.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Here at D.C. for D.C. groups. Okay.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm Jennifer, he's Jason and he more
Pastor Jennifer Parks: takes the lead to that and I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just help facilitate whatever he may need.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And if he needs an extra group
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and for me to leave, he'd be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like, oh, I need you to do
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm like, you're a team player too.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We do, we get in the game
Ti'heasha Beasley: around here. Okay. So no, that's amazing
Ti'heasha Beasley: and I love that you're bringing your
Ti'heasha Beasley: perspective to the table because you do
Ti'heasha Beasley: have something you do on Instagram, what
Ti'heasha Beasley: you call it. I won't spoil it.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Bible study time.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Bible study time. So you are a
Ti'heasha Beasley: woman who love to dig in scripture,
Ti'heasha Beasley: so this should be a good conversation.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I love the Word. I. I love
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the. I know you love the Greek
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and hermeneutics and I like to do
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the application still understanding what it is,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: but I like to help encourage people
Pastor Jennifer Parks: for your day to day life. Like
Pastor Jennifer Parks: this is what it means because I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: believe that the Word, just like it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: says, is alive and breathing and it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: has power. So therefore the. If you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: activate the Word in your life, it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: will come alive and it will change
Pastor Jennifer Parks: things. Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So so far in this series we're
Ti'heasha Beasley: talking about first, Peter, what has been
Ti'heasha Beasley: like a part of the series that
Ti'heasha Beasley: you really enjoyed so far?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I really enjoyed Pastor Carlton's sermon. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: was pleasantly surprised. Even my kids sometimes,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you know, children, they tune out. They
Pastor Jennifer Parks: were like listening and we were discussing
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it in the car and he just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: made it very practical about what you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: do. And the thing that stood out
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to me the most is, is when
Pastor Jennifer Parks: he was saying that you shouldn't even
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be in the council or sitting around
Pastor Jennifer Parks: with people doing things that are not
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of God. Maybe you're not the one
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that's doing the thing, but just even
Pastor Jennifer Parks: being there is not right. Like especially
Pastor Jennifer Parks: say, for instance, if you know you've
Pastor Jennifer Parks: been delivered from going to the club,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: why are you at the club?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Why you at the club?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Well, you're not there to minister, so
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I think I need you to come.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So what if there's a birthday party
Ti'heasha Beasley: at the club?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: We can't go to the club if
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the club is. I would say for
Pastor Jennifer Parks: me, if you know that it's a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: problem that pulls you back into a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: lifestyle that you've been delivered from, you're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: going to have to send your regrets
Pastor Jennifer Parks: for that. Rsvp. That's just my personal
Pastor Jennifer Parks: thing. Some people can go and do
Pastor Jennifer Parks: whatever. You know, everybody has their own
Pastor Jennifer Parks: lot in life. Some people say, for
Pastor Jennifer Parks: instance, drinking. Some people have no problem
Pastor Jennifer Parks: being a Social drinker and doing me.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm not touching the stuff. I'm not
Pastor Jennifer Parks: looking bad at you for what you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: do because it doesn't mean that much
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to you. And that's not your conviction.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Whereas there's some things with me, you'll
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be like, what are you talking about?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It's like, you know, that's a lot.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And I'm like, I can do it.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It doesn't matter to me. So everyone
Pastor Jennifer Parks: has their own personal thing. I just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: think that if you are in a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: company of people and you know it's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: going to pull you back, you're not
Pastor Jennifer Parks: ready yet, you're not mature enough yet
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to be in that atmosphere, then you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: probably shouldn't go.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You should back off. All right, well,
Ti'heasha Beasley: that was good. So as we, so
Ti'heasha Beasley: that was kind of last week, as
Ti'heasha Beasley: you mentioned. So this week kind of
Ti'heasha Beasley: give us a summary of where we
Ti'heasha Beasley: were headed with this letter because I
Ti'heasha Beasley: love how you kind of mentioned that
Ti'heasha Beasley: at the top of the sermon series
Ti'heasha Beasley: that this was one big letter that
Ti'heasha Beasley: Peter wrote. So how are we concluding
Ti'heasha Beasley: this letter?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, and that's really. Chapter five is,
Pastor Brent McQuay: is pretty much just conclusion. It's only
Pastor Brent McQuay: 14 verses.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: As opposed to pretty much every other
Pastor Brent McQuay: chapter is in like the 25 range
Pastor Brent McQuay: for verses. So it's much shorter. At
Pastor Brent McQuay: least half of that is literally just
Pastor Brent McQuay: greetings. It's just hey, so and so
Pastor Brent McQuay: says hi.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so what you're left with, the,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the chunk of it, I guess is
Pastor Brent McQuay: instructions for elders, how they're supposed to
Pastor Brent McQuay: shepherd the flock, the younger who are
Pastor Brent McQuay: supposed to be subject to the elders,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and then how all of us are
Pastor Brent McQuay: supposed to clothe ourselves in humility by
Pastor Brent McQuay: casting our anxiety in God. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: that, like that's the, that's the meat
Pastor Brent McQuay: of this, this package. But really throughout
Pastor Brent McQuay: the entire letter, he just keeps pointing
Pastor Brent McQuay: them to the future because he's writing
Pastor Brent McQuay: to a group of people who are
Pastor Brent McQuay: suffering, who are going through problems, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's wanting to give them encouragement, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's also wanting to give them hope,
Pastor Brent McQuay: some instruction. Yes. For how they should
Pastor Brent McQuay: be living in the midst of those
Pastor Brent McQuay: problems. But just over and over again,
Pastor Brent McQuay: he just keeps pointing them towards the
Pastor Brent McQuay: future, the inheritance that they have, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: glory that's going to be revealed, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: second coming of Christ. And so it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: really just this very hope filled kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of conclusion of everything, of. Hey, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just. Hang on.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, man. I loved how you acknowledged
Ti'heasha Beasley: the leaders and the pastors here yesterday
Ti'heasha Beasley: during your message because it starts off
Ti'heasha Beasley: at that top, at the top of
Ti'heasha Beasley: chapter five. With the, you know, talking
Ti'heasha Beasley: about the elders and the leaders of
Ti'heasha Beasley: the church. So I thought that was
Ti'heasha Beasley: cool. Did you know yesterday was like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: a pastor appreciation day?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, the whole month of October.
Ti'heasha Beasley: October, yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Is pastor appreciation, but we never really
Pastor Brent McQuay: do anything for it. No, it's. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: funny. Like. Like, I had the idea
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do that, and, like, my first
Pastor Brent McQuay: instinct was to not do it because
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm the kind of person that I
Pastor Brent McQuay: would hate.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To be the one in the crowd
Pastor Brent McQuay: when the pastor gets up and does
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. Like, just, like, don't. Don't draw.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Don't put a spotlight on me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just my personality. Just very anti. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so part of me was like, no,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I. I don't want to do that
Pastor Brent McQuay: to people. But the more I thought
Pastor Brent McQuay: about it, I think maybe the Holy
Pastor Brent McQuay: Spirit was just really trying to nudge
Pastor Brent McQuay: me. That we do need to acknowledge.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. And thank the people who are
Pastor Brent McQuay: helping lead the flock.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like I said yesterday, like, this is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's not. It's not my flock. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: God's flock, and it's not a flock.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, the size of our flock. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I. I can't manage that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it's too much for one person.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's too much for the dozen pastors
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we have. It's too much for
Pastor Brent McQuay: the dozen elders that we have.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so it really comes down to
Pastor Brent McQuay: leaders actually rolling in that. And we've
Pastor Brent McQuay: talked for a long time about group
Pastor Brent McQuay: leaders being the first pastor, that they're
Pastor Brent McQuay: the ones that are caring for the
Pastor Brent McQuay: people in the group, because the small
Pastor Brent McQuay: group leader is going to know when
Pastor Brent McQuay: you don't come to church for a
Pastor Brent McQuay: month, it's going to be harder for
Pastor Brent McQuay: me to notice that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. No, that's so true. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: love how you did acknowledge that, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: know, because it takes away from the
Ti'heasha Beasley: title thing, where people feel like I
Ti'heasha Beasley: only need to serve or pour or
Ti'heasha Beasley: care for people if I have the
Ti'heasha Beasley: title of a pastor. And it's like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: no. Like, God has called a lot
Ti'heasha Beasley: of us to leadership to lead, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: that same mantle falls on you being
Ti'heasha Beasley: the group pastor, wife, or. I don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: know how you want to say sidekick.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Have you seen that? How. Have you
Ti'heasha Beasley: seen it displayed in small groups?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I just feel like Jason kind of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: helps empowers everyone to lead, so he
Pastor Jennifer Parks: meets with everyone individually on an ongoing
Pastor Jennifer Parks: basis just to make sure that they.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: To hear their concerns and just what's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: going well, what's going bad, what needs
Pastor Jennifer Parks: improvement. And the people, I feel like,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are really connecting with the flock that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: they are shepherding. And yesterday, first service,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I stood up and I kept trying
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to get in. He was like, stand
Pastor Jennifer Parks: back up. And the second service, I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: was like, well, I'm not standing up
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like these. You know, he stood up
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and I don't know, I just. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: feel like I've heard people say, well,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: we don't know who the pastors and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the elders are. So I think it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: was nice that he acknowledged those who
Pastor Jennifer Parks: lead and the leaders, too, because some
Pastor Jennifer Parks: people feel like you said, if I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't have a title, well, I'm not
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a leader. I don't need a title.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I. Wherever you put me, I'll go.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: But some people do need a title.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: So I think it. It helped with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: both to acknowledge the ones who are
Pastor Jennifer Parks: doing it. And, like, I think verse
Pastor Jennifer Parks: two is saying, like, not under compulsion.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And then those who are leading to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be acknowledged, like, hey, you are putting
Pastor Jennifer Parks: in hard work. Because, like, maybe you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't have a title of pastor yet,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: but I think you should. And I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just. Yep. And I. I just think
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that you need to be acknowledged as
Pastor Jennifer Parks: well for what you do because you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are a leader.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I definitely stood up at home because
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was online hosting.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You should have stood up.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was. I did not set up
Ti'heasha Beasley: at home. I was actually putting out
Ti'heasha Beasley: fires. I was leading.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I was doing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, no, that was too busy shepherding.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right. I was just like, oh, he
Ti'heasha Beasley: let people stand up. Good job, Neo.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Get dressed. Like, I was just managing
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot, doing a lot. So leading
Ti'heasha Beasley: into that question, I like how that
Ti'heasha Beasley: first portion talked about shepherding. So what
Ti'heasha Beasley: does it really look like to shepherd
Ti'heasha Beasley: people today in 2025? Pastor Brent?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, it's exactly what I. What I
Pastor Brent McQuay: said in the message. Love, lead, feed,
Pastor Brent McQuay: protect. And that's not something, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: special or magical. Like, it's just. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: literally what good shepherds do. The love
Pastor Brent McQuay: part is the optional side of things.
Pastor Brent McQuay: In the shepherding world, you don't necessarily
Pastor Brent McQuay: have to love your sheep, but you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: not going to be a very good
Pastor Brent McQuay: shepherd if you don't love your sheep.
Pastor Brent McQuay: In the ministerial, in the spiritual side
Pastor Brent McQuay: of things, it absolutely. You can't. You
Pastor Brent McQuay: can't actually be a shepherd if you
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't love sheep. It's going to create
Pastor Brent McQuay: so much abuse and all kinds of
Pastor Brent McQuay: issues. And so you got to love
Pastor Brent McQuay: people. And loving people means sacrificing for
Pastor Brent McQuay: them, being there for them, putting their
Pastor Brent McQuay: interests above your own.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, loving is. It's not easy because
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's not just words or an emotion.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's action. And then we feed, lead
Pastor Brent McQuay: and protect. Where we do that within,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, small groups. Let's use small groups
Pastor Brent McQuay: as the example. So, like, the feeding
Pastor Brent McQuay: portion would be. Okay, what is the
Pastor Brent McQuay: group leader choosing for curriculum for? What
Pastor Brent McQuay: are we going to be talking about?
Pastor Brent McQuay: How are they guiding those conversations? How
Pastor Brent McQuay: are they making sure that the people
Pastor Brent McQuay: in their group are actually maturing and
Pastor Brent McQuay: growing in Christ? Because, like we say
Pastor Brent McQuay: around here, a lot, like, we're trying
Pastor Brent McQuay: to become more like Jesus today than
Pastor Brent McQuay: we were yesterday. And so as the
Pastor Brent McQuay: group leader, like, how are you helping
Pastor Brent McQuay: the people in your group do that?
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it may be teaching them on
Pastor Brent McQuay: a certain sin area in their life.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It may be helping them learn how
Pastor Brent McQuay: to study the Bible better. It may
Pastor Brent McQuay: be helping them learn how to pray.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You know, feeding them could be a
Pastor Brent McQuay: lot of different things. But we talk
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lot about, like, disciple making. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: with disciple making, you are a teacher,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and as a disciple, you are a
Pastor Brent McQuay: learner. And so what we say is,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you teach from the Bible.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's the infallible word of God. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the only authority that we have that
Pastor Brent McQuay: isn't corrupted or subject to just whims
Pastor Brent McQuay: and opinions and feelings and emotions and
Pastor Brent McQuay: all that. And so we teach the
Pastor Brent McQuay: word of God. That's how we feed.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then the leading is, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the. In the natural sense, leading
Pastor Brent McQuay: is making sure the sheep are getting
Pastor Brent McQuay: to the right pasture, that they're getting
Pastor Brent McQuay: back to the right pens, that they're
Pastor Brent McQuay: being, you know, they're not being led
Pastor Brent McQuay: off a cliff as sheep have been
Pastor Brent McQuay: prone to do in the past. One
Pastor Brent McQuay: sheep goes off the edge, and the
Pastor Brent McQuay: others follow. And so leading is a
Pastor Brent McQuay: major part of the job of any
Pastor Brent McQuay: shepherd.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so in the church world, leading
Pastor Brent McQuay: really does mean doing life with somebody.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, you have to be close enough
Pastor Brent McQuay: in a relationship to be able to
Pastor Brent McQuay: know what's going on in their life,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but the other person actually needs that
Pastor Brent McQuay: relationship also to be able to follow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, you don't want to follow somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you don't know has your best
Pastor Brent McQuay: interests at heart. And so in that
Pastor Brent McQuay: leading process, that's that relational piece where
Pastor Brent McQuay: I know what's going on in your
Pastor Brent McQuay: life so I can help you navigate
Pastor Brent McQuay: those situations.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, like, the small group that I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: leading right now, each of them have
Pastor Brent McQuay: something different going on in their life.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so my job as their. As
Pastor Brent McQuay: their shepherd is to help navigate them
Pastor Brent McQuay: through whether it's a fear issue, an
Pastor Brent McQuay: anxiety issue, an addiction issue, a marriage
Pastor Brent McQuay: issue. Like, literally, we got, like, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: gamut of things in our small group.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so it's Helping them navigate life,
Pastor Brent McQuay: essentially. And then the protection piece, man,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that may be the hardest part of
Pastor Brent McQuay: shepherding because it seems like the sheep
Pastor Brent McQuay: are always in danger. Like, there's always
Pastor Brent McQuay: something going on. And sometimes it's external,
Pastor Brent McQuay: sometimes it's internal. Like, that's the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The scariest thing as. As a pastor
Pastor Brent McQuay: of a church is when there's wolves
Pastor Brent McQuay: in sheep's clothing kind of mixed in.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. And then sometimes there's just sheep
Pastor Brent McQuay: that snip at other sheep, and it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, okay, you're not a wolf, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: you did just bite your brother. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: let's. Let's. Let's figure this out.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so that protection piece, I. Man,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's tough, but I think that it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: also still essential. And so we do
Pastor Brent McQuay: that by loving them, caring for them,
Pastor Brent McQuay: pointing out sin when we see it,
Pastor Brent McQuay: calling out stuff that isn't right, which
Pastor Brent McQuay: is the conflict part. It is conflict
Pastor Brent McQuay: resolution skills definitely have to be worked
Pastor Brent McQuay: on. So.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. No, I was just sitting here
Ti'heasha Beasley: thinking, like, man, it is a light.
Ti'heasha Beasley: People want that position. They want the
Ti'heasha Beasley: titles of leadership and pastor and, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: don't know, Jeopardy.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then they get it, and they.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Realize, oh, this is not the glamorous
Ti'heasha Beasley: thing I thought, where I could just
Ti'heasha Beasley: float into church with my cute outfit
Ti'heasha Beasley: on or. And everybody's like, you have
Ti'heasha Beasley: your person.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Next to you carry your Bible for
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, we don't do that here at
Ti'heasha Beasley: Disciples Church. It is real life, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: it's a lot of dying to yourself.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And that's something I'm just realizing just
Ti'heasha Beasley: in leadership. Like, we are over a
Ti'heasha Beasley: small group, me and my husband, and,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know, just the different things that
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm able to lead. It's a lot
Ti'heasha Beasley: of dying to yourself. Like, it is
Ti'heasha Beasley: not about you anymore. It's like, when
Ti'heasha Beasley: you have kids, it's like, that's.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I was thinking, like, if you're a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: parent, it's not about you. Yeah. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: had an issue with my daughter this
Pastor Jennifer Parks: morning. I knew what was best for
Pastor Jennifer Parks: her. I told her what was best.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: She did the opposite thing. And I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: was like, I could either stay there,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: but I have somewhere to go. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: we talked about it, and she just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: got on that bus with that T
Pastor Jennifer Parks: shirt on, and even though it was
Pastor Jennifer Parks: cold outside, no lunch. I'm like, I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't know what you're gonna eat. You
Pastor Jennifer Parks: know, just stuff like that. Like, I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: think in leadership, I know you said
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it's optional. Maybe I misheard you. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't believe it's optional. I believe that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: God told us to Love, because he
Pastor Jennifer Parks: first loved us. So you have to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: love whether you dislike the person or
Pastor Jennifer Parks: not. And what you said with feeding
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and the word of God is what
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it is. Like, I, I go back
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to the word I go back to.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It is written because when Jesus is
Pastor Jennifer Parks: in the wilderness, he didn't rely on
Pastor Jennifer Parks: what anybody else said. He only said
Pastor Jennifer Parks: what his father said. And I think
Pastor Jennifer Parks: leading, we have to lead by example.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Like, I can't tell you, oh, you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: know, don't. Don't wear gold necklaces. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I wear gold necklaces. It's like I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: have to line up with what I'm
Pastor Jennifer Parks: saying. My life should line up. Like,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you, you should not see me in
Pastor Jennifer Parks: church looking one way. And then on
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Monday. Wait a minute, you dropping it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: low. And you know, I just.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Think it should be different. I just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: think, like he said.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. Just to clarify, the optional part
Pastor Brent McQuay: was for natural, not spiritual. So like
Pastor Brent McQuay: an actual. No, no, no. You're missing
Pastor Brent McQuay: my point. A shepherd with actual sheep.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like a shepherd out in the flock
Pastor Brent McQuay: on the side of a hill, loving
Pastor Brent McQuay: the sheep is optional because it's a,
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a paid occupation. I don't, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I share a different thought.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Okay, yeah, that's fine.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, I was mainly, like, on social
Ti'heasha Beasley: media, what I see is a lot
Ti'heasha Beasley: of people who give themselves these titles
Ti'heasha Beasley: and platforms, but they're not, they're not
Ti'heasha Beasley: really. They're missing the whole part of,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, being pastor or being in leadership.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, they're missing the shepherding piece.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I mean, the high priestess of the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: prophetess of the tabernacle stuff. And they
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't even belong to a church or
Pastor Jennifer Parks: have anybody under them. Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like on social media.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And. And that's the piece. When I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think about Peter, when he's writing to
Ti'heasha Beasley: this audience, he talks a lot about.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He talks a lot about honoring the
Ti'heasha Beasley: people that are in leadership over you,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and he talks a lot about being
Ti'heasha Beasley: a good steward over the thing, the
Ti'heasha Beasley: people you're given to be a good
Ti'heasha Beasley: steward over. And that's something I feel
Ti'heasha Beasley: like we miss a lot when we,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know, we see these social media
Ti'heasha Beasley: influencers or even in real life, like
Ti'heasha Beasley: some churches, unfortunately, they miss that sharpening
Ti'heasha Beasley: piece. So I'm really glad they. That
Ti'heasha Beasley: we were able to point that out
Ti'heasha Beasley: in, in this chapter.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. This is one of the things
Pastor Brent McQuay: I love about his introduction in this
Pastor Brent McQuay: chapter is it's, it's funny because we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually getting to see him live out
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Jesus principle of leadership. But it's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You got to remember, like, sometimes we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: reading the Bible, we think it's all
Pastor Brent McQuay: happening at the same moment, but this
Pastor Brent McQuay: is 30 years later. So 30 years
Pastor Brent McQuay: later, he's identifying himself as a fellow
Pastor Brent McQuay: elder. Like when Jesus taught his disciples
Pastor Brent McQuay: how to lead, he talked about being
Pastor Brent McQuay: a servant, not lording it over them.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then 30 years later, we get
Pastor Brent McQuay: to see Peter, like, actually living that
Pastor Brent McQuay: out, like, putting into practice, which is
Pastor Brent McQuay: one of those, like, good job, Peter.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, kudos. He writes a letter to
Ti'heasha Beasley: encourage other. I love that he talks
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot about hum. Humility. Am I
Ti'heasha Beasley: saying that?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Humility.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Humility. Yes, I'm saying it correctly. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: I would say, Jen, how have you
Ti'heasha Beasley: experienced God's care through this type of
Ti'heasha Beasley: surrender? Just being in a place of
Ti'heasha Beasley: being humble and living a life of
Ti'heasha Beasley: a.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Surrendered life, just like you were saying
Pastor Jennifer Parks: yesterday. I feel like I have learned
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to humble myself because when God humbles
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you, he will put you on your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: back like you. Sometimes I say, oh,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: no, no, no, God, I got this.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You. Nope, you don't have to. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: understand. I heard you, Holy Spirit. I'm
Pastor Jennifer Parks: good. And I try to check myself.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I try to be quiet and let
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the Holy Spirit lead me. Sometimes I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't listen. You'll be like, don't say.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And I'm like, but I just gotta.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I just gotta prove my point. But
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I have learned, especially with teenagers, it's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: not about you and even the shepherd.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Because sometimes I don't want to lead
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a group. I'll be honest. Sometimes I'm
Pastor Jennifer Parks: busy with my family life, so I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't want to do this. Or if
Pastor Jennifer Parks: someone needs you right away, you have
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to figure out, my family still comes
Pastor Jennifer Parks: first. But we have it where it's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: God, my husband, my children. And in
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the ministry, that's how I do it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: in my household. And if I could
Pastor Jennifer Parks: work things out, I don't just say,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: forget the ministry. But I'm like, it's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: part of it because it's my calling.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: So if someone needs me, it's the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: middle of the night, someone needs me.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And then that's what I do. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm trying to be sensitive to the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Holy Spirit and his leading and be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: surrendered. And even with Bible study time,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: sometimes I don't want to do it.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'd be like, God, it's been two
Pastor Jennifer Parks: years. I'm good. There are other people
Pastor Jennifer Parks: who are prettier, more eloquent. They can
Pastor Jennifer Parks: do it. They can take over. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: then he'll send someone every single week
Pastor Jennifer Parks: without FAI sale. Oh, I noticed you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: haven't done it. Someone yesterday was like,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Oh, I watch your videos. And I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: was like, okay, why did.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You say prettier girl? What that got
Ti'heasha Beasley: to do with sharing the social media?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Okay, with social media, if I say
Pastor Jennifer Parks: this, you can sometimes get caught up
Pastor Jennifer Parks: in the numbers and the aesthetics you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are putting in. It takes a lot
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to edit videos. It takes a lot
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to have the concept and ideas and.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And to just make sure you're not
Pastor Jennifer Parks: repeating yourself over and over again. Because
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the Bible does repeat, which is good,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: because repetition helps you to learn and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: internalize it. But, you know, social media
Pastor Jennifer Parks: people, you only have a minute and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a half, sometimes only 60 seconds, and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you need to capture that audience, people
Pastor Jennifer Parks: who are more aesthetically pleasing in the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: face. I'm not saying I'm not pretty,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: but say, for instance, there's a difference
Pastor Jennifer Parks: between how I look and how you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: look. Automatically you're gonna get more attention.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, no, no.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm not saying in a bad way.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You are beautiful.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You are, but you are too.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I am, but I'm not social media.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay, That's a whole. I feel like
Ti'heasha Beasley: this is a whole another crowd.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm just saying, like, even with.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm just over here.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: No, but have you ever noticed with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: podcasts, some of the people who are
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just. I'm talking about church podcasts. They're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: not very eloquent. You know, your Bible.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: They don't know what they're talking about,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: but they have a look to them
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and people follow them.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And so I understand, especially now in
Pastor Jennifer Parks: this climate, in this age in church,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it's about lights, camera, action. A lot
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of times people look at some of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the churches that are very popular now.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: People are flying across the country to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: go to a certain church. They don't
Pastor Jennifer Parks: even know what he's talking about. They're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just like, oh, everyone's doing it. It's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: popular. And I think a surrendered life
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is, hey, maybe you should go to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the church next door. Maybe you should
Pastor Jennifer Parks: help. Maybe you should be a part
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of a ministry locked into that so
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that you can help that flock grow.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And I know I'm going on a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: tangent. I just mean, like, I. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: need to be surrendered and do what
Pastor Jennifer Parks: he says. So there. You know, I've
Pastor Jennifer Parks: had grandmothers and mothers call me and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: say, oh, don't get back on camera
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like that with your hair looking like
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that. So I just, you know, if
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm gonna put that word out there,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I know I gotta look. At least
Pastor Jennifer Parks: put some lip gloss on. Look aesthetically
Pastor Jennifer Parks: pleasing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay, well, that. I mean, if Peter
Ti'heasha Beasley: was writing to 2025, I don't know
Ti'heasha Beasley: if that'll be in his list of
Ti'heasha Beasley: things like make sure you have on
Ti'heasha Beasley: lip gloss.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He wouldn't care. But the people. People
Pastor Jennifer Parks: nowadays.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. You know, but I think. Let's
Ti'heasha Beasley: say. Okay, so to move away a
Ti'heasha Beasley: little bit from that, because I don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: like that you're, you know, I'm beautiful.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You are. I am beautiful. But I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: also know, you know.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, but you still, I think, like
Ti'heasha Beasley: having the. The heart being surrendered and
Ti'heasha Beasley: humble. I think that we actually talked
Ti'heasha Beasley: about that. It was one of the
Ti'heasha Beasley: week where it was like how your
Ti'heasha Beasley: beauty was more about just being that
Ti'heasha Beasley: woman of God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And chapter three.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So we. That was something he actually
Ti'heasha Beasley: did address. Look at God. Thank you,
Ti'heasha Beasley: Holy Spirit, for leading me. But that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is something. So I think that just
Ti'heasha Beasley: you showing up and being who God
Ti'heasha Beasley: created you to do is a testimony
Ti'heasha Beasley: to his goodness. Because it's not about
Ti'heasha Beasley: how you adorn yourself on the outside.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's more so what's coming from the
Ti'heasha Beasley: heart. And so, like, what is something
Ti'heasha Beasley: from chapter five that really, like, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: feel like God has been speaking to
Ti'heasha Beasley: you about? From the message yesterday?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I. I think it was something I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: read. I like how at the end
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you did the seven things. I do
Pastor Jennifer Parks: wish that you would have incorporated it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: into the message along the way because
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it was so powerful. And I was
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like, oh, man, I wish you could
Pastor Jennifer Parks: have stayed there a little bit longer.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It was just the way that you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: were talking about how you pray. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: then when you get up, maybe, you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: know, the problem is still there, but
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your focus is now on Him. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: so that care is not as providential.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And I like to cast my cares
Pastor Jennifer Parks: on God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And he.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He has been telling me in this
Pastor Jennifer Parks: season, just give it to him. If
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm worrying about it, then that means
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that I'm not praying about it. If
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm focusing more on the problem, then
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm not focusing on him. Because all
Pastor Jennifer Parks: throughout chapter five, he was saying how
Pastor Jennifer Parks: his kindness is there, how he'll be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: there for you. And I took. As
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I read back, I took more from
Pastor Jennifer Parks: not just the elder part and the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: people humbling themselves. I kept seeing about
Pastor Jennifer Parks: how God. How it said, God loves
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you, his kindness towards you, he's merciful,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: he'll be there for you and in
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Christ. And I'm like, in Christ, there's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: healing, there's peace, there's love, there's. It's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like those little words that may just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: seem like additives to the sentence. Those
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are the ones that spoke to my
Pastor Jennifer Parks: heart. And just the caring piece Because
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I can worry. I can worry about
Pastor Jennifer Parks: my children and what's going on with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: their future, worry about my husband and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: even worry about the world and all
Pastor Jennifer Parks: this stuff. And it's like, no, he.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: None of this caught him by surprise.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He's not new to this. He's been
Pastor Jennifer Parks: doing this for years. Give it to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: him. So I roll my cares over
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to him daily. I'd be like, God,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that's yours. That's not mine. You sometimes,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like, you may hear, that's your child,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: so take care of it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Awesome. I mean, so I like how
Ti'heasha Beasley: you pointed out the seven things, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: I actually was gonna go there next.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Do you. Do you recall? I don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: want to. I can. I have a
Ti'heasha Beasley: list here, but do you want to
Ti'heasha Beasley: run through them really quickly for those
Ti'heasha Beasley: who weren't able to watch it?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Man, that's gonna be tough with. With
Pastor Brent McQuay: my. My cold brain.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's what I'm saying. I got you
Ti'heasha Beasley: here.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So. So no. So it's. It starts
Pastor Brent McQuay: with prayer, then it's the Bible, then
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's worship, then it's God's presence. Then
Pastor Brent McQuay: it is changing what you say to
Pastor Brent McQuay: yourself. Leaning on people, God's people, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: then finally keeping your eyes on Jesus.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes. You did it. Look at you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That cold brain didn't quite get the
Pastor Brent McQuay: exact language. So cast all your worries
Pastor Brent McQuay: in prayer. It's. What is it? Remain
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the word. Stay in the word.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Stay in the Word.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Stay in the word.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Worship.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Even when you're empty. Remember, God is
Ti'heasha Beasley: with you. Change what you say about
Ti'heasha Beasley: yourself.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I'm telling you, I'm pretty. I am.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just know.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Lean on God's people and keep your
Ti'heasha Beasley: eye on Jesus. I love. And this
Ti'heasha Beasley: was really, for you, the conclusion of
Ti'heasha Beasley: the whole.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, this.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: This was.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This was all of First Peter. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: honestly, like, so those seven things, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: reason why I didn't do it, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: throughout the message, is that they're not
Pastor Brent McQuay: all pulled from the text of First
Pastor Brent McQuay: Peter. They're just the things that. That
Pastor Brent McQuay: I've done over the years to try
Pastor Brent McQuay: and hang on when. When life is
Pastor Brent McQuay: bad kind of moments.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. And your. Your famous quote. What
Ti'heasha Beasley: is it? Life bad got good. Hang
Ti'heasha Beasley: on.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So it's my famous quote.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's your famous quote.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's what I'm renown for.
Ti'heasha Beasley: 2025. That is your quote. Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not 2015 or 2016. What did I
Pastor Brent McQuay: say? You weren't there for that one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think it was third service.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Man, I was so tired. I was
Pastor Brent McQuay: like. I was teasing. What we're going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be doing in 2026. I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: I said 2016. And everybody was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: what it was.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That night Quilt man, something. No, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: loved, Pastor Brent, how you talked about.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Because there is a portion in chapter
Ti'heasha Beasley: in this verse where it talked about
Ti'heasha Beasley: being watchful of the enemy. I loved
Ti'heasha Beasley: how you. You kind of put like
Ti'heasha Beasley: those two extreme extremists. Like, there's a
Ti'heasha Beasley: people who are like, the devil did
Ti'heasha Beasley: everything.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Like, he's. He's doing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He did everything or he did nothing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And the truth is he did something.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He did something. And I love how
Ti'heasha Beasley: you pointed that out, because as believers,
Ti'heasha Beasley: we should be watchful. And I like
Ti'heasha Beasley: how in this verse, it talks about
Ti'heasha Beasley: being so reminded so that you can
Ti'heasha Beasley: see clearly those areas where the enemy
Ti'heasha Beasley: is trying to attack and things of
Ti'heasha Beasley: that nature. How. How has that been
Ti'heasha Beasley: applying? How is that scripture encouraging you
Ti'heasha Beasley: in this season?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I think you have to be very
Pastor Jennifer Parks: mindful of the breaches and how it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: may come in. Kind of like think
Pastor Jennifer Parks: back to Hurricane Katrina when the levees
Pastor Jennifer Parks: broke. It's just that crack was enough
Pastor Jennifer Parks: with the water pressure, and everything just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: goes wide. And if you let the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: spirit of offense, if you let anger
Pastor Jennifer Parks: linger, if you are not studying your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: word, if you're not worshiping, if your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: eyes are not fixed on him, then
Pastor Jennifer Parks: he's going to use. He has jurisdictional.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: What's the word? He has legal right
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to come in and do whatever it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is he wants to do. If you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are going to bed angry and staying
Pastor Jennifer Parks: angry and having that offense, you've given
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the devil legal right to wreak havoc
Pastor Jennifer Parks: in your life. If you are speaking
Pastor Jennifer Parks: words of condemnation instead of words that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: deliver you, because death of life and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the power of tongue and those who
Pastor Jennifer Parks: love should eat the fruit thereof, then
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you are giving him the right to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: come in. So we have to be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: mindful. It's not to say that you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: can't live your life, but you have
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to know that, okay, the enemy is
Pastor Jennifer Parks: trying to get a foothold. No, I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: sealed a breach in the name of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Jesus. You got to plead the blood
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of Jesus. You have to tell him
Pastor Jennifer Parks: where to go. You have to cast
Pastor Jennifer Parks: those things out, like anxiety. Anxiety is
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a spirit. We can sit there and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just like, I'm so anxious. I'm so
Pastor Jennifer Parks: anxious, I'm so angry. No, you're inviting
Pastor Jennifer Parks: him in. You have to cast it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: out. Because he says, rejoice. And again,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I say rejoice. You know, let your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: gentle be made known evidence to all
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be anxious for nothing. But in all
Pastor Jennifer Parks: things suprand, supplication with Thanksgiving, blah, blah,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: so you have to just be mindful,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: know your word so that you can
Pastor Jennifer Parks: identify things. And when it comes up,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: immediately, cast it down immediately. We cannot
Pastor Jennifer Parks: let him get a foothold because if
Pastor Jennifer Parks: there's just a little crack, he's going
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to come in. And what's the one
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that says? Where the house they tie
Pastor Jennifer Parks: up the strong man? What's the verse?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Kind of like if, if you get
Pastor Jennifer Parks: cleansed and you cast out. Yeah. He's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: going to bring back seven more. So
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you need to make sure that once
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that devil is cast out. Oh, you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are ushering it. You are replacing it
Pastor Jennifer Parks: with the word of God. You're replacing
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it with prayer, you're replacing it with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: worship, you're replacing it with people who
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are going to lift you up. Everything
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that he was saying, you have to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: replace it with that. And that is
Pastor Jennifer Parks: how you are mindful of the devil.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And when his schemes and his tricks
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and his wows when they come. No,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you draw that line and you let
Pastor Jennifer Parks: him know they are no further. You,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you can't let them play with your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: kids. You can't let them play with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your husband, your wife, whatever it is,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't let him get a foothold in
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your life. Because when he gets that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: right, he. The Bible says he came
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to steal the purpose and the plan
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of God for your life. Kill. Come
Pastor Jennifer Parks: on now. He does not. He's upset.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He knows he's going to the abyss.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He wants to take you with him
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and destroy. He wants to destroy everything
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that God did. He is having a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: counterfeit kingdom here on earth. So therefore,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it's up to us as kingdom citizens
Pastor Jennifer Parks: in order to let him know his
Pastor Jennifer Parks: place. You can't have us. We're bloodblock
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Christians. So therefore, we are not going
Pastor Jennifer Parks: along with your story, your dynamic.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, I mean, I feel like you
Ti'heasha Beasley: said so much that we have to
Ti'heasha Beasley: unpack for like, new believers who are
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, what is she talking about? Deliverance?
Ti'heasha Beasley: What is she talking about?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I think that's why we have a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: small group. That's why we're going to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be going through the Bible next year
Pastor Jennifer Parks: with Luke, just to explain those things
Pastor Jennifer Parks: word by word. The main point is,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is that you have to be aware
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of what you're saying, of what you're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: doing, of what you're entering in. If
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you're not strong enough, certain music you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: can't listen to, if you're not discerning
Pastor Jennifer Parks: enough because you haven't gotten in your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: word, then you may need someone else
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to lead you for a while to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: help walk you through those things. You
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Just have to be aware. And the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: more we're in our word, the more
Pastor Jennifer Parks: he will bring us the revelation. Because
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that's what the Holy Spirit does. He
Pastor Jennifer Parks: leads us into all truth. So if
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you had a Holy Spirit, then you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: can be wise of what the devil
Pastor Jennifer Parks: does and you can stop his attacks
Pastor Jennifer Parks: immediately. You just shut it down.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So application wise, since you are the
Ti'heasha Beasley: application queen, how would you, what would
Ti'heasha Beasley: you suggest to someone who, for example,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you bring up the word anxiety.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: So you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, I'm sorry, no, I was gonna
Ti'heasha Beasley: say you bring up the word anxiety.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So what is some things that they
Ti'heasha Beasley: can do as new believers or someone
Ti'heasha Beasley: who's not familiar with the spirit of
Ti'heasha Beasley: anxiety? Like what can you do for
Ti'heasha Beasley: someone who struggles with anxiety? Because that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is on an all time high.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I think one thing you have to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: change what you're saying. You. Some people
Pastor Jennifer Parks: say, oh, my anxiety, my anxiety. You
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are taking ownership of something that's not
Pastor Jennifer Parks: yours, that is the enemy putting something
Pastor Jennifer Parks: on you. And I think once we're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: aware, just like if you have a
Pastor Jennifer Parks: diagnosis in the hospital, you notice you've
Pastor Jennifer Parks: been having this pain and everything, you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't realize what it is. But once
Pastor Jennifer Parks: they clarify to you, hey, this is
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your issue, then you know what to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: do, then you'll have a plan of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: care. So if you are feeling anxious
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and even if you need to take
Pastor Jennifer Parks: medication, because I am not against medication,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: whatever you have to do to come
Pastor Jennifer Parks: back into equilibrium, but you also take
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the medicine of the word. You look
Pastor Jennifer Parks: up every scripture on anxiety and you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: meditate on that word day and night
Pastor Jennifer Parks: so that you can come to your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: deliverance. Some people instantly, they're great. Others
Pastor Jennifer Parks: of us, it takes a while, but
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you are worth it as long as
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it takes until you get to that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: point where that anxiety, where you are
Pastor Jennifer Parks: believing a false narrative for the future.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Usually when you're anxious, you're thinking that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: everything is going to go bad. You
Pastor Jennifer Parks: don't know that. You don't know if
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the worst outcome is going to come.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: What you do is you focus on
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Jesus. When you focus on him and
Pastor Jennifer Parks: his Word, I'm telling you, it works.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You will be able to put on
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your worship music like you said, you'll
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be able, if you can't even pray,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just let the word of God just
Pastor Jennifer Parks: wash over you. If you have to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: record yourself reading those scriptures and play
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it over and over again until you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: calm down. Because a lot of times
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you have physical manifestations. You have sweating
Pastor Jennifer Parks: and you have rapid breathing and your
Pastor Jennifer Parks: heart rate increases. Whatever you have to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: do, that word of God will change
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Good. Anything you want to add?
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, that was great.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, no, that's good. I like bringing
Ti'heasha Beasley: it back to, like, that application piece.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Because what I noticed in 2025, there
Ti'heasha Beasley: is a lot of new believers. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: I remember in our small group for
Ti'heasha Beasley: Grace Collective, I had brung up something.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I want to say a word. Like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: let's just say, for example, it was
Ti'heasha Beasley: Jezebel. Let's. That's a word that we.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Someone was like, who's Jezebel? And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was like, oh. Like, we really have
Ti'heasha Beasley: to, you know, unpack. You know, what
Ti'heasha Beasley: we're saying. Because it could be like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: that could just add more anxiety. They're
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, I got the spirit of anxiety,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and I don't even know what the
Ti'heasha Beasley: spirit of anxiety is, and I don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: even know how to get rid of
Ti'heasha Beasley: it.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He said, spirit of Jezebel. They like,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: wait a minute, right? Who's. They have.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: So, yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I love how Peter was so.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I mean, I feel like he kept
Ti'heasha Beasley: it very, like. I don't want to
Ti'heasha Beasley: say abc, but it was very. It's
Ti'heasha Beasley: very easy principles for us to understand.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so when he wrote this letter
Ti'heasha Beasley: and they were taking it and passing
Ti'heasha Beasley: it, he want.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The Holy Spirit tapped in, like, okay,
Ti'heasha Beasley: this is what I want you to
Ti'heasha Beasley: say. I want it to be very
Ti'heasha Beasley: clear. There is no confusion.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Could you imagine getting a letter? And
Ti'heasha Beasley: they're like, and you better. I'm just
Ti'heasha Beasley: using spirit of anxiety because you said
Ti'heasha Beasley: it. Because you're about to get in
Ti'heasha Beasley: a letter. And it was just that
Ti'heasha Beasley: detail. Like, for the mature believers, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: would understand. But for those new in
Ti'heasha Beasley: crisis, like, I don't even know.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Just starting. Like, I know you said
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it's been 30 years, but 30 years
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is a babe in Christ with the
Pastor Jennifer Parks: new church. We've had this word for
Pastor Jennifer Parks: 2,000 years. So it's like 30 years.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: They like, wait a minute. I'm getting
Pastor Jennifer Parks: an oppression from Rome. What are you
Pastor Jennifer Parks: talking about?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Spirit of.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It's like, I am anxious. You see
Pastor Jennifer Parks: what they're doing? We. Because what they
Pastor Jennifer Parks: were getting oppressed about a lot of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is that they weren't following along with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the Roman traditions. So some of them
Pastor Jennifer Parks: weren't joining the armies because they didn't
Pastor Jennifer Parks: want to say the oath of what?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And pledging their allegiance to Caesar or
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Nero, whoever was in charge, and they
Pastor Jennifer Parks: were getting, you know, chastised for that.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: So it's like. It's hard to be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like, well, what do you mean? I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just can't be anxious. And this. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: think his Letter was saying, you can
Pastor Jennifer Parks: cast those cares. You will go through
Pastor Jennifer Parks: hard times, but take heart. God's love
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is there. He will take care of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you. And if you are anxious, know
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that he has overcome the world. And
Pastor Jennifer Parks: then you don't have to be anxious
Pastor Jennifer Parks: for anything because our hope is in
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Jesus.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good. So it's. I'm gonna give
Ti'heasha Beasley: it. I'm gonna let you pass today
Ti'heasha Beasley: since you're not feeling that good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Did you want me to jump in.
Ti'heasha Beasley: On something so she has something to
Ti'heasha Beasley: piggyback off of?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Oh, man, I don't know. I. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think it is. It is fun as
Pastor Brent McQuay: the communicator on stage, knowing the audience
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we have.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Whereas, like, literally, we got people that
Pastor Brent McQuay: are not Christian, we got people that
Pastor Brent McQuay: are brand new Christians. We got people
Pastor Brent McQuay: that have been walking through this thing
Pastor Brent McQuay: for decades. I mean, our guitar player
Pastor Brent McQuay: is about to get his. He's starting
Pastor Brent McQuay: his doctoral program for ministry. Like, wow,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's our guitar player. Like, the number
Pastor Brent McQuay: of people that I meet in our
Pastor Brent McQuay: lobby that are like, oh, yeah, it
Pastor Brent McQuay: was pastor at this place for 20
Pastor Brent McQuay: years. And I'm like, oh, awesome.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right, right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's just such a. Yeah. It makes
Pastor Brent McQuay: those conversations a lot more interesting because
Pastor Brent McQuay: from the stage, you have to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: able to connect and engage with a
Pastor Brent McQuay: person that has no idea what you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: talking about. And the person that actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: knows the Greek better than you do.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, I'm sure that's a challenge. But
Ti'heasha Beasley: you do a good job. You do
Ti'heasha Beasley: a good job at doing it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We try. We try our best.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The Lord.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just stick to the book.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes. When I was reading through this
Ti'heasha Beasley: chapter again this morning, I like to
Ti'heasha Beasley: read through it. But before we dive
Ti'heasha Beasley: into conversation, something that really stood out
Ti'heasha Beasley: to me was that in verse nine,
Ti'heasha Beasley: it says, resist him, which is. Is
Ti'heasha Beasley: talking about the. The devil, our enemy,
Ti'heasha Beasley: our adversary. Resist him, firm in your.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, let me read. Let me start
Ti'heasha Beasley: at verse 8. Be so reminded. Be
Ti'heasha Beasley: watchful. Your adversary, the devil, prowls around
Ti'heasha Beasley: like a roaring lion seeking someone to
Ti'heasha Beasley: devour. Resist him, firming your faith, knowing
Ti'heasha Beasley: that the same kinds of suffering are
Ti'heasha Beasley: being experienced by your brotherhood throughout the
Ti'heasha Beasley: world. And after you've suffered a little
Ti'heasha Beasley: while, the God of all grace, who
Ti'heasha Beasley: have called you to his eternal glory
Ti'heasha Beasley: in Christ will himself restore you, confirm
Ti'heasha Beasley: and strengthen and establish you. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: really want to unpack that because that
Ti'heasha Beasley: was so encouraging. And I feel like
Ti'heasha Beasley: it'll be encouraging to our listeners. So,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I don't know, you want to take
Ti'heasha Beasley: the lead and maybe you can chime
Ti'heasha Beasley: in.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What exactly Are you wanting me unpack?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Maybe that's my cold brain.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes, you're cold.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You just read like four verses.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know. So this part where it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: saying, of course, resist the enemy, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: what does that mean specifically? And then
Ti'heasha Beasley: standing firm and then suffering for a
Ti'heasha Beasley: little while, and then God will restore
Ti'heasha Beasley: you, confirm you and establish you, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: what does that mean for me as
Ti'heasha Beasley: a believer here in 2025?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So. So the, the first part
Pastor Brent McQuay: that is temptation, sin, the devil's going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to tempt you with all kinds of
Pastor Brent McQuay: different things. Like, even when we got
Pastor Brent McQuay: into the seven things, like one of
Pastor Brent McQuay: the temptations the devil throws at you
Pastor Brent McQuay: is to be alone.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, when life is bad, when you're.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're having a frustrating day, you want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to just go be by yourself, so
Pastor Brent McQuay: you can cry. But it's actually, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: really dangerous for you to be alone.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, the, the imagery that, that
Pastor Brent McQuay: Peter is giving us with this roaring
Pastor Brent McQuay: lion, like, the, the lion is kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of a lazy hunter in that the,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the lion isn't going to go after
Pastor Brent McQuay: the biggest animal. It's going to go
Pastor Brent McQuay: after the one that's at the back
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the pack. Like, it's going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: go after the one that's easy to
Pastor Brent McQuay: grab. And so as Christians, like, that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the imagery that, that Peter is portraying
Pastor Brent McQuay: for us, that it's actually when you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: in isolation, when you're all by yourself,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's when the devil can, can attack
Pastor Brent McQuay: the most. And so resist him. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't fall for his schemes, don't listen
Pastor Brent McQuay: to his lies. Like, fight against him.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's why Paul gives us in Ephesians
Pastor Brent McQuay: the full armor of God. Like, put
Pastor Brent McQuay: on the armor. Like you're in a
Pastor Brent McQuay: battle, you're in a fight. Like, that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: why we can't treat the devil like
Pastor Brent McQuay: he doesn't exist. Like, he's there. That's
Pastor Brent McQuay: why the Bible tells us so much
Pastor Brent McQuay: about spiritual warfare. And so resisting him
Pastor Brent McQuay: is man. It's going to look a
Pastor Brent McQuay: little bit different depending on what the
Pastor Brent McQuay: temptation is or what the sin is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But the Bible's pretty clear on what
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're supposed to be doing, what we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: not supposed to be doing. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: when the devil is tempting you to
Pastor Brent McQuay: do one of those things that you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: not supposed to be doing or to
Pastor Brent McQuay: stop you from doing the thing that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're supposed to be doing, like, don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: fall for it. Like, that's, that's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: resisting him, the suffering for a little
Pastor Brent McQuay: while. Like, he, he's saying that in
Pastor Brent McQuay: direct connection to the resisting the devil.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, some people feel like, well, if
Pastor Brent McQuay: I. If I resist the devil, then
Pastor Brent McQuay: life's going to be great and it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to be so easy. It's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: well, no, sometimes, like, you suffer as
Pastor Brent McQuay: a result of that. Like, you may
Pastor Brent McQuay: have a temptation at your work to.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To lie on a resume or to
Pastor Brent McQuay: lie on a worksheet or something. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: the result of you resisting that temptation
Pastor Brent McQuay: is you get fired because your boss
Pastor Brent McQuay: is like, no, I needed you to
Pastor Brent McQuay: do this shady thing to make us
Pastor Brent McQuay: look good. And you're like, well, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: can't. I can't lie. Okay, well, then
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're fired.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Okay. So you're suffering for doing the
Pastor Brent McQuay: right thing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And that's very real in the Christian
Pastor Brent McQuay: life. Like, I mean, I've talked to
Pastor Brent McQuay: people who are like, man, I told
Pastor Brent McQuay: my girlfriend I wasn't going to have
Pastor Brent McQuay: sex before marriage, and she dumped me.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And he's like, but I thought that
Pastor Brent McQuay: was the person I was supposed to
Pastor Brent McQuay: marry. And so. Well, clearly it wasn't.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, if. If that's their moral value.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, clearly not, but that person is
Pastor Brent McQuay: still suffering. And the fact that somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: that they love just left them. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: so this idea that just because you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing the right thing means you're not
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to suffer. Like, it's. That's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: not present in the Bible. And so,
Pastor Brent McQuay: yeah, you're going to suffer. But Peter
Pastor Brent McQuay: is very quick to point out that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're. It's going to be a little
Pastor Brent McQuay: while.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And that's what Peter does over and
Pastor Brent McQuay: over again in. In this letter, is
Pastor Brent McQuay: he keeps pointing them towards, yes, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: know that you're suffering right now. Yes,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I know that Rome is doing all
Pastor Brent McQuay: kinds of things, that it's getting ugly.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And whether Peter knows it or not,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's about to get a whole lot
Pastor Brent McQuay: worse. Like, over the next two years
Pastor Brent McQuay: after he writes, this is the most
Pastor Brent McQuay: horrific time for Christians in the history
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the world. And yet he says,
Pastor Brent McQuay: hey, this is temporary. It's like Paul
Pastor Brent McQuay: talks about several times where it's like
Pastor Brent McQuay: the momentary afflictions. It's like Paul's describing
Pastor Brent McQuay: being the same beating that Jesus took
Pastor Brent McQuay: before the cross multiple times. Multiple shipwrecks,
Pastor Brent McQuay: multiple sicknesses, stoning. Right? Like, all of
Pastor Brent McQuay: this stuff. And he's like, these momentary
Pastor Brent McQuay: light afflictions. Like, it's like lights. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: please. Like, we get a stubbed toe
Pastor Brent McQuay: and we're like, the world is ending.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, both of these guys,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Peter and Paul, like, they're telling us,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, hey, suffering Is real, but it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: also temporary. It's also short term. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: short term could mean 30 years. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: 30 years of suffering compared to an
Pastor Brent McQuay: eternity of glory, like, that's momentary.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: That's, that's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's light. And so it's just about
Pastor Brent McQuay: keeping that perspective. So, like, yes, we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: resisting the devil. We are going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: suffer. We may suffer in a direct
Pastor Brent McQuay: result of our resisting the devil, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: either way, like, hang on, because the
Pastor Brent McQuay: restoration that comes is amazing. And it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: God's promise. Chapter five ties right back
Pastor Brent McQuay: into chapter one, where he says that
Pastor Brent McQuay: this hope that we have, this living
Pastor Brent McQuay: hope, this inheritance that we have is
Pastor Brent McQuay: held secure for us in heaven by
Pastor Brent McQuay: God's mighty power. So it's God himself
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we're trusting in. And so that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the hope that we have for the
Pastor Brent McQuay: future is Christ's return.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that's good. See you. It was
Ti'heasha Beasley: in you. You can unpacked it.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I don't have any.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I don't have much.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, I didn't know what you
Pastor Brent McQuay: were looking for, so I just threw
Pastor Brent McQuay: out the kitchen sink.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And hopefully something stuck.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, that was really good. Because when
Ti'heasha Beasley: I read it, I know for me
Ti'heasha Beasley: it was an encouragement, but I felt
Ti'heasha Beasley: like it would have been. It was
Ti'heasha Beasley: something good to unpack for those who
Ti'heasha Beasley: are watching. So let's know.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's exciting. It's a very exciting close
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the chapter.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, it is. So with that, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: like to do something here called Land
Ti'heasha Beasley: that plane. I need a sign. Can
Ti'heasha Beasley: we get a sign? Reuben, can I
Ti'heasha Beasley: have a sign? There you go. Land
Ti'heasha Beasley: that plane.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Neon. Neon. Right up there. Yes, Superimpose.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, just fly across.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Get the editors on it.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Come on.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Land the plane. And so when we
Ti'heasha Beasley: land a plane, we give a takeaway
Ti'heasha Beasley: for the sermon. Something to encourage our
Ti'heasha Beasley: listeners or watchers who are watching us
Ti'heasha Beasley: to just something, some type of application
Ti'heasha Beasley: piece that they take away from the
Ti'heasha Beasley: conversation. So what's something you would leave
Ti'heasha Beasley: those watching with?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I believe that Christ is with you.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And no matter what you are facing
Pastor Jennifer Parks: yesterday, today or tomorrow, you have to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: suffer. Well. And I know that that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is a hard thing to do. But
Pastor Jennifer Parks: there are people who are watching you.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And it's not to be phony, but
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it's to be honest about everything. Isn't
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the devil. You have to be real
Pastor Jennifer Parks: with what you can do to be
Pastor Jennifer Parks: better. But if they are, if God
Pastor Jennifer Parks: allowed it to happen, understand that he'll
Pastor Jennifer Parks: bring you through it. So these afflictions
Pastor Jennifer Parks: are light and they are temporary. But
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like you said, it could Last for
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a very long time. It could last
Pastor Jennifer Parks: a short time. But what never changes
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is the presence of God being there.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He will build you up. He will
Pastor Jennifer Parks: be there for you. He will love
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you. And in Christ you will make
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it. You are more than an overcomer.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You are more than a conqueror through
Pastor Jennifer Parks: him. And. And no matter what, he
Pastor Jennifer Parks: is with you. His grace and his
Pastor Jennifer Parks: love and his peace will abide with
Pastor Jennifer Parks: you. And it'll carry you through anything.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That was good. We don't rate anymore,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but if we rate it, I would
Ti'heasha Beasley: give you a top tier. Eight or
Ti'heasha Beasley: nine. That was good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What's your takeaway?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Why would you. Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I had to sneak it in.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know. I normally go less as
Ti'heasha Beasley: I close us out. I think just
Ti'heasha Beasley: the scripture that really stuck out to
Ti'heasha Beasley: me was like, stand firm. Like, I've
Ti'heasha Beasley: been saying this since we started this
Ti'heasha Beasley: discussion on First Peter. Like, it's very
Ti'heasha Beasley: applicable to where we are now in
Ti'heasha Beasley: the world. Like, there is a lot
Ti'heasha Beasley: going on and happening where God is
Ti'heasha Beasley: reminding us through this passage to, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: are foreigners of this world, and we
Ti'heasha Beasley: need to stand strong and firm on
Ti'heasha Beasley: the convictions we have as believers, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: know, of God. And it will. It
Ti'heasha Beasley: will pay off. You may suffer a
Ti'heasha Beasley: little bit for those. You will suffer
Ti'heasha Beasley: for those convictions, but just stand firm
Ti'heasha Beasley: and you'll get through. We'll make it
Ti'heasha Beasley: through this ratchet world. So just stand
Ti'heasha Beasley: firm.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Nice. Before I give mine, I did
Pastor Brent McQuay: make a promise. I think it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: only in one of the services. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think it was second service that I
Pastor Brent McQuay: was going to give my opinion on
Pastor Brent McQuay: by Sylvanas, which. Which interpretation that means,
Pastor Brent McQuay: okay, I didn't do it in all.
Pastor Brent McQuay: All services, but just in case somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: from whatever service it was listening. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: by Silvanus could mean Silvanus was. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: Silvanus is also. Also named Silas in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Bible. So you see his name
Pastor Brent McQuay: pop up a bunch. And so either
Pastor Brent McQuay: he wrote it as the scribe. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: like Peter sitting there dictating to Silas,
Pastor Brent McQuay: or Silas was just the. The guy
Pastor Brent McQuay: that Peter handed the letter to and
Pastor Brent McQuay: he walked it over to the churches
Pastor Brent McQuay: in Ephesus. So he's either scribe or
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's. He's the courier.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I love that stuff, don't you?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I do. It's the nerd in me.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it's just.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: He saw someone in the second service.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It was you. It was you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, no, no, no, no. When I
Pastor Brent McQuay: was preaching, I said, I'll tell you
Pastor Brent McQuay: which opinion I think.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: In the podcast. And so I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: that he was scribe. And I. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't have strong opinions on it. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: Reason why I would lean towards that
Pastor Brent McQuay: interpretation is that there have been some
Pastor Brent McQuay: complaints that First Peter couldn't be written
Pastor Brent McQuay: by Peter because he was a fisherman
Pastor Brent McQuay: and uneducated. And the Greek style of
Pastor Brent McQuay: writing in First Peter is very high.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it's still koine Greek, it's still
Pastor Brent McQuay: the common Greek, but it's written like
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody that's had a deep education. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so people have tried to say that
Pastor Brent McQuay: Peter couldn't have written it because of
Pastor Brent McQuay: that, which I don't. Even though I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think that, yeah, probably Silvanus was the
Pastor Brent McQuay: scribe that helped him write it. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't think that that means it's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: only possibility. I think it's 30 years
Pastor Brent McQuay: later. Who knows how Peter has been
Pastor Brent McQuay: educated in those 30 years. He's also
Pastor Brent McQuay: had 30 years with the Holy Spirit.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, like, his. His grammar could have
Pastor Brent McQuay: improved by that point, but the. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: writing structure and the grammar used in
Pastor Brent McQuay: 1st Peter is elevated beyond what would
Pastor Brent McQuay: be typical of the era and the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The people. And so by Silvanus, it
Pastor Brent McQuay: could very well be that he was.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Peter was dictating and Silvanus was writing
Pastor Brent McQuay: it down. But I don't think it
Pastor Brent McQuay: really matters at the end of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: day. It's one of those things that
Pastor Brent McQuay: scholars fight about.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And you'll literally, if you pull up
Pastor Brent McQuay: 10 different scholars, you'll get five that
Pastor Brent McQuay: say he was the scribe and five
Pastor Brent McQuay: that say that he was the courier.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I just wonder why people do that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The semantics. It's like, it does not
Ti'heasha Beasley: matter. It's like the word of God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, the. And the reason why. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: reason why it's become a heated thing
Pastor Brent McQuay: is because it's. It does lead into
Pastor Brent McQuay: the authenticity of authorship.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: But if the Holy Spirit inspired 40
Pastor Jennifer Parks: people, 40 different people, to kind of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: have the same consensus, in my world,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: it doesn't matter if he was learned
Pastor Jennifer Parks: or unlearned. Like, when each of you.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Have you written a book? Yeah. You're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: working on it, right?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Nope.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: You've written a book. When you wrote
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your book, when you read it back,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: did you surprise yourself at some of
Pastor Jennifer Parks: the words you like? Oh, wow. I
Pastor Jennifer Parks: did that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, yeah. And I. I had editors,
Ti'heasha Beasley: so I don't know if they were
Ti'heasha Beasley: called scribes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. And that's very. Like. That's part
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the argument. Like. Like Sylvanas would
Pastor Brent McQuay: have been an editor in a sense.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But it's still his words, Peter's words
Ti'heasha Beasley: and his ideas. And I have ghost
Ti'heasha Beasley: written books too. So, like, I've made
Ti'heasha Beasley: stories sound a lot more exciting.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I just didn't want to lie.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, I ghost I just.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It's a.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Is I.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: No.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Don't do that to me. So what.
Ti'heasha Beasley: What's your takeaway?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Sas is his takeaway.
Pastor Brent McQuay: My takeaway is that the Taisha needs
Pastor Brent McQuay: to resist the devil.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: No, Taisha's making money.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, I did not lie. I just
Ti'heasha Beasley: made it sound fancy.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There you go. I got it. I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: with you. Okay.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: She put lipstick on it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, my goodness.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Put some lip gloss. There you go,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man. I don't know what my. My
Pastor Brent McQuay: takeaway is. First Peter, chapter five. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think the encouragement from. From Peter to
Pastor Brent McQuay: his fellow elders. I don't know why,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but I think that. That just really
Pastor Brent McQuay: stuck out to me this time in
Pastor Brent McQuay: reading it, like, there's so many good
Pastor Brent McQuay: things, you know, verses six and seven.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I love how they actually work together
Pastor Brent McQuay: when so many people just quote seven
Pastor Brent McQuay: without reading verse six. And it's actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: important to read them together. But for
Pastor Brent McQuay: me, I think in this season, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just that reminder that, like, Peter was,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, he was the guy, and yet
Pastor Brent McQuay: he referred to himself not as the
Pastor Brent McQuay: apostle, not as the head of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: church, not as the authority in this
Pastor Brent McQuay: conversation, but as a fellow elder. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so it's just a reminder of my
Pastor Brent McQuay: role and the humility that's required in
Pastor Brent McQuay: it. I don't know. That was just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Personally, for me, that was. That was
Pastor Brent McQuay: like a. Okay, good. Good reminder.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: And by Savannah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: By Sylvanas.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Sure. Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That was good. Well, we are done
Ti'heasha Beasley: with First Peter for. For now, probably
Ti'heasha Beasley: for a while, because you announced that
Ti'heasha Beasley: we're about to walk.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Through the entire New Testament. Yeah, that's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's gonna be a long journey. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: we've mapped out some of it, and,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, I kid you not, like, at
Pastor Brent McQuay: least a decade, because I was in
Pastor Brent McQuay: that meeting. You were in that meeting?
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's funny because it started off like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, three years, and then it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: five years, and then it was 10
Pastor Brent McQuay: years, and then it was like, let's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just stop putting years on it. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're just going to take as long
Pastor Brent McQuay: as it takes, which is fine, because,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, the Book of Luke, we were
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, yeah, we can probably get through
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Book of Luke in a couple
Pastor Brent McQuay: of months. And then I, like, actually,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, while everybody's eating lunch, I'm, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: reading through Luke, and I'm like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm gonna need, like, a month just
Pastor Brent McQuay: to get through this chapter.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Make concessions for, like, topical sermons. Like,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: if something's going on in the world,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: would you speak? Like, would you interrupt
Pastor Jennifer Parks: your plan to.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not necessarily. Because we don't do that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Currently, like, we don't. We don't speak
Pastor Brent McQuay: on current events, like.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: As a current events, but like Easter.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Would you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, yeah. So for that. Yeah. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: we, we do have breaks. So four
Pastor Brent McQuay: times a year we'll have like a
Pastor Brent McQuay: missions focus, so a standalone message. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: then Easter, Christmas, and the Sunday of
Pastor Brent McQuay: first love will all be outside of
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. Whatever book we're going through. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: then I think the Sunday. What do
Pastor Brent McQuay: we decide the Sunday after Easter? We'll
Pastor Brent McQuay: throw in our hot seat, our Q
Pastor Brent McQuay: and A Sunday, to give kind of
Pastor Brent McQuay: a breath for some people, but also
Pastor Brent McQuay: give a chance to be able to
Pastor Brent McQuay: address some things that maybe we haven't
Pastor Brent McQuay: been covering.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because that is. That was one of
Pastor Brent McQuay: our biggest struggles in that meeting that
Pastor Brent McQuay: lasted all day long. Was there. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: book of Luke is an amazing book.
Pastor Brent McQuay: All the Gospels are awesome. But Jesus
Pastor Brent McQuay: doesn't necessarily address all of the Christian
Pastor Brent McQuay: life within the Gospels. And so there's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's some family dynamics that are not
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to be addressed. There's some sin
Pastor Brent McQuay: issues that aren't addressed. There's like mental
Pastor Brent McQuay: health stuff that isn't addressed. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're looking for ways to kind of
Pastor Brent McQuay: almost supplement those things. So our Wednesday
Pastor Brent McQuay: teachings and other things are going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: kind of help bridge some of those
Pastor Brent McQuay: gaps. But. Yeah, so I think it's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What. What do we come down to?
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's like 46 out of the 52
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sundays will be part of the chapter.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. And it'll be a great experience.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, I know when we talk about
Ti'heasha Beasley: it, it's like, oh, it's gonna be
Ti'heasha Beasley: so long. But it's like really having
Ti'heasha Beasley: opportunity to walk through Luke. We're gonna
Ti'heasha Beasley: have some fun interactive things that you
Ti'heasha Beasley: can include with this journey. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think that the word of God is
Ti'heasha Beasley: just active and alive. So, like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: know we're used to topical. We're used
Ti'heasha Beasley: to topical messages, but I feel like
Ti'heasha Beasley: walking through the Word like he's going
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be speaking to us. There's topics
Ti'heasha Beasley: within the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And this isn't something that is new
Pastor Brent McQuay: to Christianity.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's churches all over the world. This
Pastor Brent McQuay: is the only thing they've ever done.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's just, It's a shift for us
Pastor Brent McQuay: as a congregation. We've. For 35 years,
Pastor Brent McQuay: we've been a topical sermon series kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of church. So this is definitely a
Pastor Brent McQuay: departure from that for the most part,
Pastor Brent McQuay: which will be unusual for. For us,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but I think it'll be good. And,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know, part of. Part of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: fun thing with this kind of just
Pastor Brent McQuay: walk through is it's going to give
Pastor Brent McQuay: all of us a better understanding and
Pastor Brent McQuay: a better appreciation of the Scripture. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so the plan right now is we
Pastor Brent McQuay: do Luke and then we do Acts
Pastor Brent McQuay: back to back. That's probably going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: take us three years, is my estimation.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I think you should take years off.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, stop saying the years.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I said probably an estimation. Probably an
Pastor Brent McQuay: estimation.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Who's sitting in the sanctuary and hearing
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that? The first thing, not me, but
Pastor Jennifer Parks: some people may be like, oh, that's
Pastor Jennifer Parks: gonna be so boring. And it may
Pastor Jennifer Parks: draw people away. I think my opinion,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: if you would just be like, we're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: gonna take whatever however long it takes
Pastor Jennifer Parks: to get through it. We're gonna go
Pastor Jennifer Parks: through Luke and then Acts and don't
Pastor Jennifer Parks: even put a time frame because that
Pastor Jennifer Parks: time frame thing to you is exciting.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: It may not be as exciting to
Pastor Jennifer Parks: everybody else. We love the Bible like
Pastor Jennifer Parks: that. But there are some new believers.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: They're like, oh, Jesus, I fall asleep
Pastor Jennifer Parks: reading.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, there's a lot of new believers
Ti'heasha Beasley: who want to get into the Word.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, I met someone recently. She's like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just. I don't understand the Bible.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I think it'll. You'll get your
Ti'heasha Beasley: crowd. But I just. One of you
Ti'heasha Beasley: were talking, I just saw your hat,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and it said, make disciples. I mean,
Ti'heasha Beasley: how do we make disciples of. Jesus
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christ is teaching the word of God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: which is the transformation. That's the transformation
Ti'heasha Beasley: that happens is when they hear the
Ti'heasha Beasley: word of God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And if, if you've been bored walking
Pastor Brent McQuay: through first Peter, then, yeah, you might
Pastor Brent McQuay: be bored for a while. And that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That might just be an indication that
Pastor Brent McQuay: this isn't the right church for you.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: I was just saying take the time
Pastor Jennifer Parks: frame off it. Like, you, you know,
Pastor Jennifer Parks: just like, oh, we're going to get
Pastor Jennifer Parks: out of debt in five years. You're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: like, what? Five years? Just say we're
Pastor Jennifer Parks: going to.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You just don't like numbers. You don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: like numbers. I take that that is
Ti'heasha Beasley: a. Jason.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Is the math person. But yeah, so.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So the plan is we're walking through
Pastor Brent McQuay: Luke, then Acts, and then we're going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do some of the epistles, some
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the letters, and we'll come back
Pastor Brent McQuay: to a gospel. Like, we'll. We're going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to spread out the gospels over the
Pastor Brent McQuay: next journey. So it won't be all
Pastor Brent McQuay: four gospels in a row. It'll be
Pastor Brent McQuay: Gospel letter.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: See how that sounded?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Very good. Good. We, we. It's a
Ti'heasha Beasley: lot. We're shifting a lot here, but
Ti'heasha Beasley: the Holy Spirit is here. We're so
Ti'heasha Beasley: glad you joined us here on between
Ti'heasha Beasley: sermons. Let us know if you have
Ti'heasha Beasley: any questions. And you were definitely open
Ti'heasha Beasley: to having conversation about walking through the
Ti'heasha Beasley: Book of Luke and how that looks
Ti'heasha Beasley: like Pastor Brain is always putting himself
Ti'heasha Beasley: on the chopping block. So if you
Ti'heasha Beasley: have questions, let us know. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: will do my best as creative director
Ti'heasha Beasley: to make sure that you're engaged and
Ti'heasha Beasley: excited. And we're, we're going to have
Ti'heasha Beasley: a good time, but we are excited
Ti'heasha Beasley: you joined us here. And until next
Ti'heasha Beasley: week, we'll see you soon.
Pastor Jennifer Parks: Love you.